User visible changes in 2.2:

* The Application manager now uses the normal apt-get algorithms for
  computing a package installation or removal.
  
  [experimental and incomplete right now.]

* The pre-defined catalogues are handled differently; they are no
  longer stored in the same place as user defined catalogues.  As a
  consequence, you can no longer change the pre-defined catalogues in
  the UI at all.

  You can still disable them, however.

  This change introduces a clear separation of pre-defined data and
  user data.  The pre-defined data can be updated during a OS upgrade,
  while the user data is properly backed up.  Thus, things like a OS
  upgrade disabling your maemo Extras catalogue or a restoring a
  backup not enabling it again should no longer happen.

* The default distribution can now be customized.

* The maemo-select-menu-location utility has been deprecated.  It does
  nothing now.

* [Bug 3503] A theming bug with the package lists has been fixed.
  Previously, the text was always black, now it uses the theme colors.

* The hildon-application-manager-config utility no longer clobbers
  your configuration when invoked with the "set" sub-command but no
  files.  While it was technically correct to reset the configuration
  to be completely empty in this case, it is not very useful and
  causes too much damage when done accidentally.

  If you really need to reset your configuration to be empty, use

    hildon-application-manager-config set /dev/null

* When installing from a specially prepared memory card, the
  catalogues listed in the .install file on the card are used in
  addition to the network catalogues, not instead of them as
  previously.

  This means that installing from a memory card now requires a network
  connection.  Also, all optimizations for this case have been removed
  that allowed us to avoid recomputing the package caches, so it is
  significantly slower now.

  Don't make these specially prepared memory cards.  Put your stuff on
  the Internet.  Physical media is sooo 80ties anyway.
